---
title: Explore AIM repos
icon: simple/awsorganizations
---

An AIM repository is merely a folder
where AIM stores a [rocksdb database](https://rocksdb.org/docs/getting-started.html)
(see [AIM reference doc](https://aimstack.readthedocs.io/en/v3.17.5/understanding/data_storage.html) for more info).

AIM has great functionality for tracking metrics
but has very little support for 
tracking general artifacts outside
console output and nor has native support for storing trained models
files.

Hence tcbench complement AIM by collecting
runs artifacts into run-specific folders.

Specifically, a tcbench repository has the following structure

```
<root>
├── .aim
├── artifacts
│   ├── 001baa39ed8d4b8bb9966e94
│   ├── 025830cb840b4f3f8f0a1625
│   ├── 050bae064b5246f88e821a29
...
└── campaign_summary
    └── <campaign_id>
```

* Each subfolder of `/artifacts` collects
the artificats of a specific run and
is named with the hash of the run itself.

* The `/campaign_summary` subfolder collects
reports generated by the [`aimrepo report` subcommand]().

Investigating the content of one run artifact folder 

```
ls -1 <root>/artifacts/001baa39ed8d4b8bb9966e94
```

!!! note "Output"

	```
	log.txt
	params.yml
	test-human_class_rep.csv
	test-human_conf_mtx.csv
	test-script_class_rep.csv
	test-script_conf_mtx.csv
	test-train-val-leftover_class_rep.csv
	test-train-val-leftover_conf_mtx.csv
	train_class_rep.csv
	train_conf_mtx.csv
	val_class_rep.csv
	val_conf_mtx.csv
	best_model_weights_split_2.pt
	```

For each run tcbench creates the following artifacts:

* `params.yml` is a YAML file collecting 
parameters used when triggering a run, i.e., both
the arguments explicitly defined on the command line,
as well the ones with default values.

* `log.txt` collects the console output generated by the run.

* `<context>_class_rep.csv` contains a [classification report](https://scikit-learn.org/stable/modules/generated/sklearn.metrics.classification_report.html). The filename is bounded to the context (i.e., train, val, test)
used to generate it.

* `<context>_conf_mtx.csv` contains [confusion matrix](https://scikit-learn.org/stable/modules/generated/sklearn.metrics.confusion_matrix.html). The filename is bounded to the context (i.e., train, val, test)
used to generate it.

* `best_model_weights_split_<split-index>.pt` stores the weights of the best 
trained pytorch model (for a deep learning model). The filename is bounded to the specific
split index configured when triggering the run.

* `xgb_model_split_<split-index>.json` stores an XGBoost model (when training 
via xgboost). The filename is bounded to the specific
split index configured when triggering the run.

